Three years ago, Crouching Tiger Villa was in full swing
My brothers and I are ambitious
Less than three months
Every day the villa is swept away
Hurt dozens of brothers
Lost most of the industry
And I don't know what to do.
The second master is above
Please fool the second master
I've been waiting for this day for three years.
Not for anything else
It's what I lost, Gucheng Xiong
I must get it back by hand
Brother Jing, Brother Jing
Brother Jing
Brothers are here today
I have a big announcement
From today onwards
Fangzi is the second master of Crouching Tiger Villa
Who is this guy?
The whole male god has never heard of this character
A nobody
Since you can also be the second master
Isn't this hitting Second Master Xiao in the face?
Brother, I have no objection to letting him join me.
But you let him go from being the second master
He is not qualified
Yes, Second Master Xiao has been through ups and downs for more than ten years
Just climbed to the current position
He's a newcomer.
He can even ride on the head of Second Master Xiao
Why why
Just because he saved my life
That's all.
Who's for, who's against?
Big brother has no rules, he has no rules
If you want to insist on this
Then state rules
expensive
People are hard to carry weight
No. 2 issued the standard for my bag.
Brother, I'm fine
Enter the temple and burn incense at Xianbai Mountain Gate
Today I will be in front of the second master
You and I both climb high and low
Life and death